content/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
slug: /
sections:
  - type: GenericSection
    title:
      text: 'Dream big, build simple'
      color: text-dark
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: 'Imagine, Blueprint, Build'
    text: >
      We empower everyone to dream big and build with ease. A more sustainable
      and beautiful world to live in, for everyone.
    actions:
      - label: Get started
        altText: ''
        url: /
        showIcon: false
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: secondary
        elementId: ''
        type: Button
      - label: Explore
        altText: ''
        url: /
        showIcon: true
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: primary
        elementId: ''
        type: Link
    media:
      url: /images/main-hero.svg
      altText: Unblock your team boost your time to production preview
      elementId: ''
      type: ImageBlock
    badge:
      label: BLOCK BY BLOCK
      color: text-primary
      type: Badge
    elementId: ''
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        alignItems: center
        flexDirection: row
        padding:
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pb-16
          - pr-16
  - type: FeaturedItemsSection
    title:
      text: One dream at a time
      color: text-dark
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: ''
    items:
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: 500k+
        subtitle: Hours saved
        text: >
          By eliminating rework, we save time and energy for the important
          things in life
        actions: []
        elementId: null
        colors: bg-neutralAlt-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
            justifyContent: center
            textAlign: left
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          altText: Lightning bolt symbol on red background
          elementId: ''
          url: /images/icon1.svg
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        tagline: ''
      - title: 20x
        subtitle: More efficient
        text: >
          Giving the right tools for each job, the right work for the best
          workers.
        image:
          url: /images/icon2.svg
          altText: Featured icon two
          elementId: ''
          type: ImageBlock
        actions: []
        colors: bg-neutralAlt-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
            textAlign: left
            justifyContent: center
        type: FeaturedItem
      - title: 100%
        subtitle: Faster
        text: |
          Shorten the time to achieve a better future
        image:
          url: /images/icon3.svg
          altText: Featured icon three
          elementId: ''
          type: ImageBlock
        actions: []
        colors: bg-neutralAlt-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
        type: FeaturedItem
    actions:
      - label: Get started
        altText: ''
        url: /
        showIcon: false
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: primary
        elementId: ''
        type: Button
    badge:
      label: bringing your dreams to life
      color: text-primary
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: Badge
    elementId: ''
    variant: three-col-grid
    colors: bg-neutral-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pb-16
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pr-16
        justifyContent: center
      subtitle:
        textAlign: center
  - title:
      text: Knowledge at the tip of your fingers
      color: text-dark
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: Complex is now simple
    text: >
      Blox Base ollects and organizes all knowledge that the Earth has to offer
      on building, from materials you can use and their characteristics, to the
      relationships between them and the on-site work. We correlate this
      information on many levels, including price, weather, time and more.
    media:
      title: Title of the video
      url: /images/placeholder-video.mp4
      controls: false
      aspectRatio: '16:9'
      styles:
        self:
          padding:
            - pt-2
            - pb-2
            - pl-2
            - pr-2
          borderColor: border-dark
          borderStyle: solid
          borderWidth: 1
          borderRadius: large
      type: VideoBlock
      autoplay: true
      loop: true
      muted: true
    badge:
      label: explore the universe
      color: text-primary
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: Badge
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        flexDirection: col
        justifyContent: center
      subtitle:
        textAlign: center
    type: GenericSection
  - title: Divider
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-7
          - pl-7
          - pb-7
          - pr-7
    type: DividerSection
  - title:
      text: The Blox
      color: text-primary
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: Building blocks for success
    items:
      - title: Imagine
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: >
          Your life, your imagination. We are here to support you to put your
          dream into perspective.
        image:
          url: /images/abstract-feature1.svg
          altText: Placeholder Image
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
          type: ImageBlock
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: col
        type: FeaturedItem
      - title: Blueprint
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: |
          Your dream is now a plan on paper, ready to be built.
        image:
          url: /images/abstract-feature2.svg
          altText: Placeholder image
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
          type: ImageBlock
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: col
        type: FeaturedItem
      - title: Build
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: |
          Track your project to completion, bring your dream to life.
        image:
          url: /images/abstract-feature1.svg
          altText: Placeholder image
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
          type: ImageBlock
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: col
        type: FeaturedItem
    variant: three-col-grid
    colors: bg-neutral-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-16
          - pl-8
          - pb-16
          - pr-8
        justifyContent: center
      subtitle:
        textAlign: center
    type: FeaturedItemsSection
  - title:
      text: Ready to see your dream in person?
      color: text-dark
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: We know we are
    text: >
      Yesterday was the best day to start. Today is the second best. No more
      procrastinating. Build your dream now! Our team will help you get started!
    media:
      fields:
        - name: name
          label: Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your name
          isRequired: true
          width: full
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: email
          label: Email
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your email
          isRequired: true
          width: full
          type: EmailFormControl
        - name: message
          label: Message
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your dream
          width: full
          type: TextareaFormControl
          isRequired: true
      elementId: contact-form
      styles:
        self:
          padding:
            - pt-6
            - pb-6
            - pl-6
            - pr-6
          borderColor: border-dark
          borderStyle: solid
          borderWidth: 1
          borderRadius: large
      type: FormBlock
      submitButton:
        type: SubmitButtonFormControl
        label: Go
        showIcon: false
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: primary
        elementId: null
    badge:
      label: Contact us
      color: text-primary
      type: Badge
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    type: GenericSection
seo:
  metaTitle: BLOX
  metaDescription: 'Complex dreams, simple builds'
  socialImage: /images/main-hero.jpg
  type: Seo
type: PageLayout
---

Commit message:

fix: Add base,blueprint,build,blog

content/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
slug: /
sections:
  - type: GenericSection
    title:
      text: 'Complex dreams, simple builds'
      color: text-dark
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: 'Imagine, Blueprint, Build'
    text: >
      We empower everyone to dream big and build with ease. A more sustainable
      and beautiful world to live in, for everyone.
    actions:
      - label: Get started
        altText: ''
        url: /
        showIcon: false
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: secondary
        elementId: ''
        type: Button
      - label: Explore
        altText: ''
        url: /
        showIcon: true
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: primary
        elementId: ''
        type: Link
    media:
      url: /images/main-hero.svg
      altText: Unblock your team boost your time to production preview
      elementId: ''
      type: ImageBlock
    badge:
      label: Building blox
      color: text-primary
      type: Badge
    elementId: ''
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        alignItems: center
        flexDirection: row
        padding:
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pb-16
          - pr-16
  - type: FeaturedItemsSection
    title:
      text: One at a time
      color: text-dark
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: ''
    items:
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: 500k+
        subtitle: Hours saved
        text: >
          By eliminating rework, we save time and energy for the important
          things in life
        actions: []
        elementId: null
        colors: bg-neutralAlt-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
            justifyContent: center
            textAlign: left
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          altText: Lightning bolt symbol on red background
          elementId: ''
          url: /images/icon1.svg
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        tagline: ''
      - title: 20x
        subtitle: More efficient
        text: >
          Giving the right tools for each job, the right work for the best
          workers.
        image:
          url: /images/icon2.svg
          altText: Featured icon two
          elementId: ''
          type: ImageBlock
        actions: []
        colors: bg-neutralAlt-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
            textAlign: left
            justifyContent: center
        type: FeaturedItem
      - title: 100%
        subtitle: Faster
        text: |
          Shorten the time to achieve a better future
        image:
          url: /images/icon3.svg
          altText: Featured icon three
          elementId: ''
          type: ImageBlock
        actions: []
        colors: bg-neutralAlt-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
        type: FeaturedItem
    actions:
      - label: Get started
        altText: ''
        url: /
        showIcon: false
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: primary
        elementId: ''
        type: Button
    badge:
      label: bringing your dreams to life
      color: text-primary
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: Badge
    elementId: ''
    variant: three-col-grid
    colors: bg-neutral-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pb-16
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pr-16
        justifyContent: center
      subtitle:
        textAlign: center
  - title:
      text: At the tip of your fingers
      color: text-dark
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: Complex is now simple
    text: |
      Imagine a vast digital library that houses the world's collective 
      wisdom on construction, from ancient techniques to cutting-edge 
      innovations. Our platform serves as this comprehensive repository, 
      meticulously gathering and organizing knowledge on every aspect of 
      building – from the diverse materials and their unique properties to the
       intricate relationships between components and the nuances of on-site 
      work. We don't just collect information; we create a rich tapestry of 
      insights by correlating data across multiple dimensions, including cost,
       climate, and time constraints. This multifaceted approach empowers 
      builders, architects, and enthusiasts alike to make informed decisions, 
      fostering innovation and excellence in the ever-evolving field of 
      construction.
    media:
      title: Title of the video
      url: /images/placeholder-video.mp4
      controls: false
      aspectRatio: '16:9'
      styles:
        self:
          padding:
            - pt-2
            - pb-2
            - pl-2
            - pr-2
          borderColor: border-dark
          borderStyle: solid
          borderWidth: 1
          borderRadius: large
      type: VideoBlock
      autoplay: true
      loop: true
      muted: true
    badge:
      label: explore the universe
      color: text-primary
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: Badge
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        flexDirection: col
        justifyContent: center
      subtitle:
        textAlign: center
    type: GenericSection
  - title: Divider
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-7
          - pl-7
          - pb-7
          - pr-7
    type: DividerSection
  - title:
      text: Blox for you
      color: text-primary
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: 'Your dream, your build, your time'
    items:
      - title: Imagine
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: >
          Your life, your imagination. We leave the dreaming to you, but help
          you stay on the ground.
        image:
          url: /images/abstract-feature1.svg
          altText: Placeholder Image
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
          type: ImageBlock
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: col
        type: FeaturedItem
      - title: Blueprint
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: >
          We help you put your dream into a tangible plan. Connecting the dream
          world to the real word.
        image:
          url: /images/abstract-feature2.svg
          altText: Placeholder image
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
          type: ImageBlock
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: col
        type: FeaturedItem
      - title: Build
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: >
          Track your project to completion, bring your dream to life. You're in
          control.
        image:
          url: /images/abstract-feature1.svg
          altText: Placeholder image
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
          type: ImageBlock
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: col
        type: FeaturedItem
    variant: three-col-grid
    colors: bg-neutral-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-16
          - pl-8
          - pb-16
          - pr-8
        justifyContent: center
      subtitle:
        textAlign: center
    type: FeaturedItemsSection
  - title:
      text: Ready to meet your dream in person?
      color: text-dark
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: We sure are
    text: >
      Yesterday was the best day to start. Today is the second best. No more
      procrastinating. Build your dream now! Our team will help you get started!
    media:
      fields:
        - name: name
          label: Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your name
          isRequired: true
          width: full
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: email
          label: Email
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your email
          isRequired: true
          width: full
          type: EmailFormControl
        - name: message
          label: Message
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your dream
          width: full
          type: TextareaFormControl
          isRequired: true
      elementId: contact-form
      styles:
        self:
          padding:
            - pt-6
            - pb-6
            - pl-6
            - pr-6
          borderColor: border-dark
          borderStyle: solid
          borderWidth: 1
          borderRadius: large
      type: FormBlock
      submitButton:
        type: SubmitButtonFormControl
        label: Go
        showIcon: false
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: primary
        elementId: null
    badge:
      label: Contact us
      color: text-primary
      type: Badge
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    type: GenericSection
seo:
  metaTitle: BLOX
  metaDescription: 'Complex dreams, simple builds'
  socialImage: /images/main-hero.jpg
  type: Seo
type: PageLayout
---
